---
title: About
---

::about
#title
About

#subtitle
A few words about me

#intro
Student developer from Quebec City

Passionate about computing from a young age, I quickly started working with computers and trying to understand their intricacies.

I first began with robotics using Lego Mindstorms and then moved on to video game development through a video game creation club at my high school.

Subsequently, I decided to continue my journey by enrolling in the Computer Science - Web, Mobile, and Video Games program at Cégep de Sainte-Foy. I learned a lot about various programming topics: cybersecurity, databases, mobile and web applications, video games... In short, I gained a wealth of knowledge over the course of 3 years.

Finally, feeling that I still lacked some knowledge in the field of video games, which is my favorite area, I pursued a Bachelor's degree in Video Game Development at the University of Quebec at Chicoutimi (UQAC).

Always striving to do more, I persevere regardless of the obstacles in my path. I am committed to delivering the best work possible. Additionally, it is important to me not just to cross the finish line but to arrive with my entire team. My colleagues are a source of support for me, so it is crucial for me to help them in return.

#experiences
  :::experiences
  ---
  experiences:
    - title: Student Developer
      company: CIMMI (Centre for Digital Imaging and Interactive Media)
      date: Spring 2024 - Summer 2024
    - title: Web Intern
      company: KUPA Station
      date: Summer 2023
    - title: Web Intern
      company: Revenu Québec
      date: Summer 2022
  ---
  :::

#stack

#stack_title
Softwares

#stack_description
The software I have used before.
::
